
# 🎛️ Social Media with Aggrag 

It's an example application to demonstrate how aggrag can be integrated into other applications that leverage LLM models. Following generate_response method in 'main.py' code will help understand how aggrag is integrated. 

This application responds to comments on instagram post based on the settings done on aggrag UI. The settings can be viewed by importing the 'iteration 1.cforge' file into the UI.

Aggrag makes AI responses flexible as LLMs can be configured to react in different ways for each post or message or conversation. 


#### Extra credentials in .env file for configuring Instagram services in addition to aggrag credentials in .env-sample 
    1. INSTAGRAM_USER_ID=  #user id that will respond to the comments
    2. INSTAGRAM_USER_NAME=  #user name of the instagram account
    3. INSTAGRAM_APP_ID=  #meta App Id  
    4. INSTAGRAM_APP_SECRET=  #not needed 
    5. INSTAGRAM_ACCESS_TOKEN=  #access token generated by Meta Developers page
    6. VERIFICATION_TOKEN =  #token to verify webhook URL

This is an experiment so documentation might not be updated. 

If any queries, please reach out directly at garv.khurana@fractal.ai or @garvkhurana on instagram. 

**Follow the documentation of Aggrag below for full context**

# AggRAG
Aggrag allows you to configure LLM experiments, and take them from prototype to deployment wthin a single framework. With Aggrag library, you get a framework that allows:

- **Multiple RAGs are better than one RAG**: Configure experiments with an ensemble of RAG pipelines
- **Evaluate the quality of the generated outputs**: Evaluate the quality of the generated outputs across different RAG pipelines
- **RAGstore: Different RAGs for different tasks**: Configure different RAG pipelines for different use cases
- **BYOR: Bring your own RAG**: Aggrag allows you to plug in your own RAG pipelines, either permanently or for each experiment
- **UI and Framework**: Aggrag comes with a framework for development for jupyter notebooks etc, and a UI that allows you to easily configure and run experiments
- **Host Application compatibility**: Take your experiments to the next level by deploying them in your custom applications
- **Metrics driven iterative development**: Build iterations on your experiments based on the insights generated either from the real world users using your application, or from the insights from your own experiments

# Table of Contents

- [Local Setup](#local-setup)
- [Managing Dependencies](#managing-dependencies)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [RAGstore](#ragstore)
- [Example Use Cases](#example-use-cases)
- [Features](#features) 
- [Citations](#citations)




# Local Setup

  1. import the repo from https://github.com/genai-apps/aggrag.git. checkout to 'develop' branch
  2. To start the UI: get into the 'react-server' directory, and run `npm install` and then `npm run start`
  3. To start the server: get into the root aggrag directory and run: `python -m library.app serve`. Note, however:
      - You will need to create `.env` file in the root directory. Use the `.env-sample` file as a reference.
      - run `pip install -r requirements.txt`. It is recommended to create a new virtualenv in the root directory to avoid installing packages globally. Command to create a new virtual env: `python3 -m venv venv`


# Managing Dependencies
 
When adding a new package, please make sure to:

 1. Add the package to the `requirements.in` file.
 2. Run `pip-compile requirements.in` to automatically update the `requirements.txt` file with the new package 
and its sub-dependencies.
 3. Use `pip install -r requirements.txt` to install the updated dependencies.

NOTE: After adding a new package and running `pip-compile`, always run `pip install -r requirements.txt` to ensure 
that all dependencies are installed correctly and that there are no issues with the installation process.


# Documentation
Detailed documentation is work in progress. 

# Installation

You will be able to install aggrag locally with Python 3.8 and higher, or use a playground environment hosted by us. The web version of aggrag will have a limited feature set. In a locally installed version you can load API keys automatically from environment variables, write Python code to evaluate LLM/RAG responses.

# RAGstore

Aggrag library comes with a directory of RAGs that you can integrate into your application on the fly, or run experiments with them. More details coming soon.

# Supported providers

- OpenAI
- Anthropic
- Google (Gemini, PaLM2)
- HuggingFace (Inference and Endpoints)
- [Ollama](https://github.com/jmorganca/ollama) (locally-hosted models)
- Microsoft Azure OpenAI Endpoints
- [AlephAlpha](https://app.aleph-alpha.com/)
- Foundation models via Amazon Bedrock on-demand inference, including Anthropic Claude 3
- ...and any other provider through [custom provider scripts]()!

# Example use cases

WIP

---

# License

Aggrag is released under the MIT License.

# Citations

Aggrag is our original concept, however, for implementation we have relied on the existing development of: [arXiv pre-print](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.09128)
